Section 3 - Creating a New Application Version 

Application versioning - is a way of differentiating between current and past application configurations. 
			It preserves previous versions of rulesets.

Rule resolution - It's how Pega looks to find which rules is appropriate in a particular situation, it is 
			limited to the current major version (i.e. 02-nn-nn does not have access to 01-mm-mm)

To version an application you must version the application's ruleset.

The 2 versioning methods offered by Pega are Skimming and Lock and Roll. 

Lock and Roll 
Concepts:
	Ideal for small changes or patches.
	You create a new empty ruleset version. Then you copy the changed rules into the new version.
	The higher version overides previous versions of the rule instances.

	NOTE: Minor and major version updates require application record and access group updates. Patches (usually) don't need any.

Within applications:
	Configure -> Application -> Structure -> RuleSet Stack
	3 choices for updating application rule:
		Do not update my application - update the patch version without chaning the application ruleset list. By default application rule lists 
						only the major and minor version, so the patch update does not require a change to the application rule
		Update my Application to include the new Ruleset version - when updating minor version or when the application rule lists the patch version.
						(You may enter a new description for the application, if locked enter password).
		Create a new version of my application - when you want to create a new version of the application rule. A new application description may 
						be entered. (Also useful for when you want people to have access to more than one version of your application
						e.g. phased roll-out or a test period)
		
	

Skimming 
Concepts:
	Ideal for major or minor versioning.
	You save the highest version of rule into a new, higher ruleset version. Useful for when changes follow a logical sequence.
	NOTE: Skimming only copies over the major versions of the rules (e.g. only rules in 02- go to 03- , not 01- )
	NOTE: After a skim you must update the 'Requires RuleSets and Versions prerequisites array in the RuleSet version rules and
		Access group references to the major and minor versions.
	Skim types:
		Minor skim - rules are stored in a higher minor version of the ruleset version 
		Major skim - rules are stored in a higher major ruleset version.
	
	Rule availibility states the avaibility of the rule during runtime. 
	You can state the availability of a rule to decide if you want it present in the new rulestack. (carry forward)
	Rule Availibility status 	Carried forward?				Justification
	Yes				Yes					The rule is set to be carried forward
	Blocked 			Yes					The rule is blocked, because blocked rules can be blocked in other rulesets 
										(causes erros if requested during runtime)
	Final 				Yes					A rule with the same 'key' cannot be made in another keyset, but can be versioned.
	Withdrawn			No - major update, Yes - minor update	A rule that is withdrawn stops any other version of the rule being ran
	No				No					No

Within Applications:
	

Skimming is chosen over lock and roll for minor and major versioning because in the later you have 
	to manually put in every rule that you reconfigured where as skimming automates this process. 



	