Section 29 - Introduction to application accessibility 

Allowing users that require additional assitance to navigate the UI. (Common accessibility device being a screen reader for the blind)

WAI-ARIA : Web Accessibility Initiative - Accessibly Rch Internet Applications (Standard).

Government regulations require application accessibility, WAI-ARIA is a technical specification that defines ways to make Web content and 
	web applications more accessible to people with disabilities using accessibility roles 

Accessiblity roles - specific attributes applieed to user interface elements. They enable communication between assistive devices and Pega 
	application about UI elements.

Standard ruleset accessibility options, without the PegaWAI rulesets:
	
	Configuration										Purpose
Set tooltips on controls, buttons, links , icons and input fields		Announces control functions to users with a screen reader 

Configure a high-contrast color scheme						Ensures the contrast is sufficient for users with vision limitations 

Set the enter event when you set a click event on the control 			Enables keyboard controls for tabbing through the interface

Inclue links with icons								Provide a visible description of the icon that an assistive device can be read to a user.

Use a button or a link to dismiss an overlay					Provides a navigation element that an assistive device can descrive to a user 

Mark a dynamic container as the main content area by default 			Provides the ability for users tabbing through a page to skip the main content (Enter key)

Use a drop-down list of options instead of text entry (with predictable answers)Provides a visible lis tof options that an assistive device can read to a user


All the previous rulesets can be configured without needing to use the accessibility ruleset.


Accessibility Inspector
	The tool in Pega allows you to identify and rectify accessibility issues with your application. 
		The inspector has two main features that aid accessibility design.

	1) You can preview what your app looks like to users of varying visual ability using Disability preview.
		a) None
		b) Achromatopsia (Absence of color)
		c) Deuteranopia (Red Green confusion)
		d) Protanopia  (Red Green confusion)
		e) Tritanopia (Yellow Blue confusion)

	2) You can audit your current applicaiton UI to identify configurations that may negatively impact application accessibility
		a) Content - e.g., an icon is missing helper text of a label 
		b) Structural e.g., the heading level hierarchy is out of order, which can potentially confuse screen readers. 
		c) Interactivity - the skip to content navigation is missing on the harness ( preventing users from using the Enter key to navigate easily)
		d) Compatibility - a tab group layout, which is deprecated, is used instead of a layout group.


Implementing accessibility features for application users

	Implement the PegaWAI ruleset 
		Add and save the ruleset to the production rulesets
		Select the Enable accessibility add-on check box

	Identify accessibility issues with the Accessibility Inspector
