Section 5 - Configuring Application RuleSets

Rulesets - Manages and stores rule instances into versioned sets. 

Ruleset list (ruleset stack) - dictates rule executution at run time. (governs the availability of rulesets to teh application for a given operator session).

Application Ruleset - collection of rules that identify the components of an application.
			You must be a member of an access group to work with an application ruleset.
		
Production rulesets - have at least one unlocked ruleset version in the production enviornment. Most common use of production rulesets is for delegated rules.
			(Can be used in any situation where rulesets have to be updated in the production enviornment).

Organisational rulesets- contains assets that can be reuesed across the oransiation, such as data structures.
	

Ruleset Validation modes:
	
	Application validation - A ruleset with AV has acces to all application wide rulesets (including the built-on application). Best practise 
					to only allow one Application ruleset to have AV to aviod conflict issues.

	Ruleset validation - A ruleset that only has access to rulesets that we have specified. (notation format is MyCoRules[ExtraRules]).
				If your ruleset version does not have any prerequisite ruleset versions then you need to specify the vase product ruleset
				"Pega-ProcessCommander".
				
	Use RV for rulesets that are designed to be used across multiple applications (e.g. organisational rulesets).
	
	Create applications for common rulesets. 
	
	Inculde unlocked AV rulesets in one application only. Doing so prevents AV rulesets from referrin to rules that may not 
	exist in applications that do not contain the ruleset.
	
	Run the Validation tool after implementation of critical changes or milestones 
	(e.g., changes to the app ruleset list or built-on application as well as changes made before lock/export).

Checkout - allows developers to modify rulesets by creating a private copy of the rule that you can modify 

Locking ruleset - lock and save buttons is a way to add or update rules in a locked ruleset. (Cannot update locked ruleset).

Cannot checkout a rule if it has already been checked out or it is in a locked ruleset.
