Section 31 -Supporting multiple languages in application

Pega offers a way to meet localisation needs for work in different lanugages and time zones.

form - displays and collects information from the user as the create, update and resolve cases in your application.
		Use Case Designer to define the visual presentation of a form.

locale - a standard code in the format of  aa_BB_CC, aa represents language and _BB or _BB_CC represetn country variant suffix.

The 5 ways Pega allows localization within your app:
	1) Currency 
	2) Language
	3) Time zone 
	4) Time format 
	5) Date format

Localization wizard automates the many steps necessary to create a language-specific version of your application.
	Identifies field values and text strings that are used in user interface rules. (Text Strings include labels, captions, Tool tips and instructions that 
	appear in user-facing rules such as harness, section, list view, summary view, message and portal rules.)
	
The location wizard selects the necessary user interface rules, harness, section and navigation rules that are automatically configured to be selected for 
	localisation. Other design considerations include using field values for labels and confirmation notes, using paragraph rules for text. 

Designing an application for localisation 

	Use field falues for labels and confirmation notes

	Use paragraph rules for text 


The advantage of using rulesets when localising an application in multiple languages is that the rulesets can be exported, translated and resued in different regions.
	(e.g. Field value, paragraph and correspondance rulesets.)

Localising an application 
	
	Design for localisation (Creating field value rules, pragraph rules and correspondence rules)

	Install the language packs (if none are available, export the required fields using the Localisation wizard, have them translated and import your own custom translation pack).

	Use Localisation wizard to translate application-specific rules

	Verify localisation (Configure -> User Interface -> Application readiness -> Localization menu)

	