Section 33 - Keyed Data Pages

Keyed data page - a list-structure data page. The keyed data page references a key that returns one or multiple instances matching that key. When the 
			first reference of a keyed data page occurs, all the data stores the data page according to the data source configuration. 
			When a data page receives a request late, the data is already on the data page and the system locates only the current instance by 
			using the provided key from the request.

Data page - used to cache data on demand to a clipboard page for use by one or more applications. A data page rule defines the source, scope, refresh strategy, 
		editability and structure of the cached data. Data pages were previously known as declarative pages. 

Purpose of keyed data page: reduces the number of server trips needed. The keyed data page will do one request to the database for information, subsequent information
	is then cached into the memory via a preloaded data page. 


Non-keyed data access - when a user submits a request for data in a Pega application, the data page interprets the requiest and makes a trip to the data source. 
	The data source returns the requested data to the data page and the data is then available to the application. 
	
	Insurance plicy <-Auto populate-> Data Page <-> SOR (System of record)

Keyed data access - When a keyed data page is referenced, a value is prvided for the key. The first time the data page is referenced, all the data is loaded 
	according to the data source configuration and stored on the page despite providing a key. 
	When another request to the data page with a different key is made, the products are already on the data page, system only needs to locate the correct 
	instance on the page and no trip is necessary.

Choosing a data page configuration:
	Non-keyed data page configuration - few requests are expected before the data vecomes stale.. 
	Keyed data page configuration - many requests are expected while the data in the server remains unchanged. 

Keyed pages access is only avaailable when the list structure is selected because keys identify which item is retirieved in a list. For a single page, there
	is no need for a key.

A keyed data page acts as an alternative to 2 data pages. 

Data Access Patterns 

Provides simple mechanisms to manage data in a Pega platform app. 
3 data access patterns:
	System of record - provides access to data stored in another system/app. Data is always currents, always referenced from SOR. 
	Snapshot - copies data into the case. Always references copied data, only current as of the time the app copied the data
	Reference - use data that is not part of the data model for the application. Used to populate UI controls.


SOR 
	Data Access -> Refer to a data page option
	The type of property must correspond to the structure of the data page (page or list).
	A new data page is created on the first reference to the property.
	Data is not stored in the property, but in the data page. the property only contains a reference to a data page.
	Whenever a data page parameter is update, a new data page is created. The property then points to the new page. 

Snapshot pattern 
	Data Access -> Copy a data page option

Reference 
	Reference data directly without making it a part of the data model.

