
----Data Page----
Connector - Integration rule that allows the application to collect information from an external database

Defining a Data Page - Below are all the details needed to define a data page 
Previously known as declare page

Data Page Scope - Defines how visible the data is within the application.
	Thread scope - data is available within the case (used when the data page is related to a particular case)
	Node scope - data is availalbe within the application ( accessible by all users of the application and other applications running on a given node)
	Requester scope - data is available to the current user of the case. (share data pages for a given user sessions, associated with the loggen-in operator)


Data Page Source - any source of data that an application uses, such as a connecotr. report definition. or lookup. Data sources are referenced in data pages.
	Connector - populate data from external databases
	Data transform - populate a data page from another page in memory 
	Report definition - returns a list of data objects mapped in the application 
	Lookup - Used to return a specific data object mapped in the application
	Robotic automation
	Robotic process automation 
	Load activity - Specific situation where no other options are suitable.

Structure of the Data page - you can use a sinple page to load a single record. You use a list if you want to load multuple records


Refresh strategy -  Data pages are created and updated on demand. Refresh stratedy defines when the data is stale and needs to be reloaded.
			page is never reloaded until referenced, refresh strategy options depend on the scope of the page.
		"Reload if older than" - reload value of cars, older than a month 
		"Do not reolad when [condition]" - reload asset prices at the end of the day
		"Reload once per interaction" - make sure stock prices are up to date 


Data page object type - When a data page is configured, under object type, choose the class that defines the data type of the page. (e.g. Dental Plan or Employee).


----User view and Sections----

User forms - allow end users to interact with the application and perform tasks. It's a way to show and collect information to the user.

Sections- User forms are built using sections. 
	  Groups information and functioanlity by context and purpose. Inside a section you orgaise UI elements with layouts. 
	  Layouts contain rows and coumns, defining a set of cells.
		Cells - can be empty or contain various controls or fields.

Sections and Dynamic layouts 

Dynamic layouts - general purpose layour used to organise a single set of fields. 
			Supports responsive behavior on multiple devices, layout shifts its contents to wrap content on-screen.
Repeating layouts - used to organise lists, tables and other repeating structures.

Creating a section 
	Label - Used to identify the purpose of the section. Generate an identifier for the record.
	Class - class to which the record is applied. Class determines the availability and re-usability of the section.
	Ruleset and Version - these contains the record. 

	Creating a section with Design template allows consistent aesthetics throughout the application 
	