
What a database? 
	An organised collection of data 

What is DBMS?
	Database Management System. Tables not related.

What is RDBMS?
	Relational Database Management System. Tables related 

What is SQL?
	Structured Query Language (Procedural language), domain-specific language used to manage data in a database

What is DML?
	Data Manipulation Language, (subsection of SQL) it is used to manage data entries (records) it contains the keywords INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, SELECT.

What is DDL?
	Data Definition Language, (subsection of SQL) it is used to create or alter tables, contains CREATE, ALTER, DROP, TRUNCATE

What is DQL?
	Data Query Language, (S/SQL) it is used to read data in databases, contains SELECT.

What is TCL?
	Transaction Control Language, it keeps instances of the tables and logs transactions (any changes on the table). Keywords: COMMIT, ROLLBACK, SAVEPOINT

What is a query?
	A query is a single statement as part of the DML, (typically keywords) SELECT, UPDATE, DELETE, INSERT. 

What are the properties of transactions?
	Transactions are a group/set of statements. They can contains anything within SQL, e.g. CREATE, COMMIT, INSERT
	Transactions are ACID - Atomic, Consistent, Isolated, Durable
		Atomic - All or Nothing, A transaction will fail if any of the queries within the group fail.
		Consistent - Data integrity is always maintained (i.e. a global copy of the database exists if a local one fails)
		Isolation - Transactions do not intefere with each other.
		Durable - Changes that are commited by a transaction persist, even in event of system failure.

What is a key?
	A key is used to find a records/data-rows. It can be a single or multiple fields or attributes. Keys are used to establish relations with different tables
		or views.

What is a candidate key?
	A key that can uniquely identify a record (can be 1 or more attributes), a table can have multiple candidate keys.

What is a primary key?
	Is used to uniquely identify a record. It can be a single or multiple attribute/field (but it's not NULL and can't accept DUPLICATE values), a single table
		can only have 1 primary key (i.e. only 1 candidate key in a table can be a primary key).

What is a composite key?
	A composite key consists of multiple attributes/fields to uniqely find a record.

What is a foreign key?
	A field in a database that is the Primary key for another table. (e.g. in a employee table, department could be a primary key for for department table).

What is mulitplicity?
	A mapping of records to records, e.g. 1-1 (name - SSN) , 1-many (Customer - products), many-1 (Employees - Bosses), many-many (Names - Birthdays).

What is referential integrity?
	Referential integrity is with regards to foreign keys in a table. Every foriegn key must reference a vaild record (we can't have orphaned records).
		This can occur if we delete a row in a table without removing the foreign key referencing it as well. 

What is cascade delete?
	Cascade delete is what allows us to maintain referential integrity. If we delete a record in a table, we remove all foreign keys with references to it.

What is Like keyboard?
	LIKE is used for pattern matching, e.g. SELECT * FROM tableName where attribute like 'a%'
	%  matches zero or mor characters. -- "attribute like 'a%'
	_  Matching exactly one character. -- "attribute like 'ami_'

What is GROUP BY?
	GROUP BY statement groups together rows with the same values into summary rows.

What is ORDER BY?
	ORDER BY statement changes the order depending on the order of a specified attribute. (All the rows are still listed).

What is the WHERE clause?
	WHERE is used to filter out records. Agregated functions cannot be used with this clause.

What is the HAVING clause?
	HAVING is used to filter out with agregated functions.

What is an agregated function?
	An agregated function is an operation that is applied on an entire column and give out a single value. (e.g. calculating the average weight)

What is a scalar function?
	A scalar function is an operation that acts on an individual record, e.g. rounding, setting character records to uppercase or lowercase.

What are constraints?
	Constraints in a columns allow us to define what kind of behaviours our records have to follow.

What is a view?
	A view is a temporary virtual table that shows querys completed by the user.

What is set opertations?
	A set operator combines queries from 2 tables into a single view. (It extends the rows)
		The Keywords are:
			UNION - All distinct rows in both tables
			UNION ALL - All rows in both tables (allows duplicates)
			INTERSECTION - rows that exist in both tables
			MINUS - All distinct rows, that are in the first query but not in the second query

What are joins?
	A join clause combines rows from multiple tables into a single related colunms (It extends the columns)
		The Keywords are:
			INNER JOIN - Returns records from both tables (queries)
			LEFT JOIN - Returns records from the left table and matching records from the right
			RIGHT JOIN - Return records from the right table and matching records from the left.
			FULLL OUTER JOIN - Returns all records when there is a match in either left or right.

How are joins different to set operations?
	A join allows the user to agregates records into a "super" column (i.e. it extends vertically). A set operations extends the table horizontally 
		(easier to compare and contrast rows?).

What is normalisation?
	Normalisation is the practise of reducing data redundancy, resulting in more efficient queries. Industry standard is to reach NF3 (normalisation form 3).

1st, 2nd , 3rd normalisation forms?
	1st NF: 
		First normalistaion form is data granularity and a primary key within ithe table
	2nd NF:
		Second normailsation 
	3rd :
		Doesn't allow transitive property

What is PL/SQL?
	It's SQL with added functionality, allows us to do procedural programming methods (like functions) but not OOP

What is a sequence?

What is a stored procedure?

Function vs Stored procedure?

What is a cursor?

How do you add a record to a table?

How do you add a column to a table?

How would you use IN and EXIST?

DROP, DELETE and TRUNCATE?

How to prevent SQL injection?

What are CRUD operations ?
	Create, Read, Update and Delete, in oracle SQL they are INSERT, SELECT, UPDATE, DELETE





